MERN Stack Full Course - ECommerce App with Admin Panel : React, Redux Toolkit, Tailwind, MongoDB
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4CPp670fK4



server: npm run dev


follow this page for vite + tailwind :  https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/installation/vite


run this command to install components from shadcn.
npx shadcn@latest add input


https://lucide.dev/  -> for icons


CCM : 
we have something called CCM.
we have a super admin, he has a access to add multiple admins somrthing like that.
so we have CCM admin panel and their we need to manually configure that admin related informations.
search on google about CCm tools
very large companies used these CCM tools.


Shooping View 
then you can have multiple admins 
then you have super admin.

super admin can access/control multiple admins
and admin can control users.


but in our application we have only one admin







withCredentials: true: 

-> withCredentials() makes your browser include cookies and authentication headers in your XHR request. If your service depends on any cookie (including session cookies), it will only work with this option set.
-> Credentials are cookies, authorization headers or TLS client certificates







The difference between sort and filter lies in their purpose and operation when working with data:

Sort:

Purpose: To arrange data in a specific order, either ascending or descending.
Operation: Sort reorganizes the entire dataset based on one or more criteria. For example, sorting a list of names alphabetically or sorting a list of numbers from smallest to largest.
Example: Sorting a list of products by price, from low to high.


Filter:

Purpose: To reduce the dataset by showing only data that meets certain criteria.
Operation: Filter excludes data that doesn't match the specified condition(s). For example, you could filter a list to show only products that cost more than $50.
Example: Filtering a list of products to show only those available in stock.
In summary, sort rearranges data, while filter narrows down the data displayed.






